Why are you here again?
Miss Xia, you may have just returned from abroad.
Some things I don't understand
Let me introduce to you
This is our Master Wanjie
So what?
Our Wanjia currently has
But there is only one young master Wanjie
If you want to marry
It is most suitable to find Master Wanjie
Boy what are you laughing at
I laugh at you for being an elderly person
The old man also said
There is only you at this Wanshang Conference
Top of a Thousand Heads
Why don't you even know the specific details?
Except for the old, just let me be in charge of the front desk reception.
The things behind the scenes will be handled by the old man himself
Could it be that you have some inside story?
I heard that my uncle has a son who has been lost for many years.
He was chosen as the future heir to the Wanjia family
Boy, are you talking about you?
It seems that your lady is better informed.
Not bad, it's you